Copyright 1999-2019. Plesk International GmbH. Licensed under the Plesk Software License.

Plesk Software License

This Software License (this “License”) is granted to you as the user of the Plesk software by Plesk International GmbH, Vordergasse 59, 8200 Schaffhausen / Switzerland and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Plesk”).

READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING PLESK PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE, INCLUDING SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE, ACCOMPANIED BY OR REFERENCED IN THIS LICENSE (the “SOFTWARE”).  

THE SOFTWARE IS COPYRIGHTED AND IT IS LICENSED TO YOU UNDER THIS LICENSE, NOT SOLD TO YOU.  BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS LICENSE, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT, AND THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. REFERENCES TO “YOU” HEREIN REFER TO BOTH YOU, THE INDIVIDUAL END USER, AND THE ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS LICENSE IF YOU ARE LEGITIMATELY ACTING FOR OR ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY.  

IF AT ANY TIME YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CEASE AND REFRAIN FROM ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE AND DELETE ANY COPIES YOU MAY HAVE. 

1.	License.

1.1.	Grant of License. Subject to your full and ongoing compliance with the terms and conditions of this License, the applicable Plesk entity from which you obtained the Software hereby grants to you, and you accept, a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except as set forth in Section1.6 below), non-assignable, revocable license to use the Software during the Term in machine-readable, object code form only, and the user manuals accompanying the Software (the “Documentation”), only as authorized in this License. The term “Software” includes any updates, enhancements, modifications, revisions, or additions to the Software made by Plesk and made available to end-users. 

1.2.	Scope of Use. Your license to use the Software is conditioned on the following license restrictions, and any use of the Software in violation of any of these restrictions is a breach of this License and is unlicensed. You may use the Software on a virtual or physical device owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by you. For purposes of this License, “use” of the software means loading the Software into the temporary or permanent memory of a device. 

1.3.	Copies and Modifications. Except and solely to the extent that such a restriction is prohibited under applicable law, you may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise translate the Software or any license keys you have obtained. You may not modify or adapt the Software that you have obtained in any way. Any such copies of the Software or Documentation shall include any copyright or other proprietary notices that were included on such materials when you first received them. Except as authorized in this Section, no copies of the Software or Documentation, or any portions thereof, may be made by you or any person under your authority or control.

1.4.	Support and Maintenance Services; Updates; Upgrades.  Plesk will not provide any support or maintenance services under this License.  You acknowledge that Plesk has no express or implied obligation to announce or make available any updates, enhancements, modifications, revisions, or additions to the Software and that this License does not give you any rights in or to any of the foregoing.  Plesk may offer support and/or maintenance services separately. 

2.	Intellectual Property and Confidentiality.

2.1.	Use Reporting, License Violations and Remedies. Plesk reserves the right, and you authorize Plesk, to gather data on key usage including license key numbers, Authorized Device IP addresses or other applicable device identifier (including MAC address or UDID), domain counts and other information deemed relevant, to ensure that our products are being used in accordance with the terms of this License. You agree not to block, electronically or otherwise, the transmission of data required for compliance with this License. Any blocking of data required for compliance under this License is considered violation of this License and will result in immediate termination of this License pursuant to Section 4.

2.2.	Proprietary Rights to Software and Trademarks. You acknowledge that the Software and the Documentation are proprietary to Plesk (Plesk International GmbH), and the Software and Documentation are protected under copyright and other intellectual property laws and international treaties. You further acknowledge and agree that, as between you and Plesk, Plesk and its third party licensors own and shall continue to own all right, title, and interest in and to the Software and Documentation, including associated intellectual property rights under copyright, trade secret, patent, or trademark laws.  Except for the limited, revocable license expressly granted to you herein, this License does not grant you any ownership or other right or interest in or to the Software or the Documentation or any other intellectual property rights of Plesk, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.  Any and all trademarks or service marks that Plesk uses in connection with the Software or with services rendered by Plesk are marks owned by Plesk International GmbH / Switzerland. This License does not grant you any right, license, or interest in such marks, and you shall not assert any right, license, or interest in such marks or any words or designs that are confusingly similar to such marks.

2.3.	Confidentiality. Except as expressly authorized by this License, you shall not make available the Software or Documentation to any third party, or use the Software or Documentation for any purpose other than exercising rights expressly granted to you hereunder. You agree to cooperate with and assist Plesk in identifying and preventing any unauthorized use, copying, or disclosure of the Software, Documentation, or any portion thereof.

2.4.	Consent to Use Data. You agree that Plesk may collect and use technical data and related information—including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals—that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Software. Plesk may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to operate, provide, improve, and develop our products, services and technologies, to prevent or investigate fraudulent or inappropriate use of Plesk’s products, services, and technologies, for research and development, and for the other purposes described in this License or to you as part of our products and services. You further consent that Plesk may collect the IP addresses of servers, on which a Plesk product is installed. As this information may be considered as personal identifiable information, Plesk will handle it in accordance to the Plesk Privacy Policy, available at https://www.plesk.com/legal/#privacy-policy and will limit the use of this information for the prevention of fraudulent use of the Plesk products. Subject to your consent in accordance to the applicable laws in your region, Plesk’s websites and online services may use “cookies,” which enable you to personalize your experience on Plesk’s sites and provide information to Plesk such as which websites have been visited and which ads and web searches are effective.  If you want to disable cookies, check your browser settings or reject the use of cookies when entering Plesk’s website.

Plesk may, e.g. for the purpose of providing technical support to you, in the course of your use of the Software be furnished with or have access to information which may qualify as personal identifiable Information (PII) in some or all jurisdictions (such as admin email address).
By accepting this License, you agree and acknowledge that Plesk may collect, use, process, record, arrange, accumulate, keep,  update, extract, transfer (including trans-border transfer) access, depersonalize, block or remove such PII in performing its contractual duties and for general administrational purposes and may also disclose the PII to related third parties in its country of residence and abroad to the extent required by this License and always in accordance to the provisions of the applicable data protection laws in effect (e.g. GDPR). By implementing and maintaining sufficient technical and organizational measures as requested by applicable data protection laws, Plesk makes sure that your PII is kept in strictest confidence and protected sufficiently against further disclosure. 
You may, at your exclusive option and discretion, at any time ask Plesk for information about the collected or processed data as well as request the alteration, anonymization or deletion or move of such data in accordance to your rights as a data subject. This may however in some cases have delaying effects on the availability of further Plesk services (e.g. support services). Furthermore, signature of a data processing agreement will be mandatory prior to the provision of remote technical support services by Plesk. Please direct your data protection-related requests to privacy@plesk.com

3.	Term and Termination.

This License is effective upon your downloading, installing, accessing, and using the Software, even if you have not expressly or formally accepted this License. This License shall continue in effect until expiration or termination as provided herein (the “Term”). Without prejudice to any other rights, this License will terminate automatically without notice to you if you breach or fail to comply with any of the limitations or other requirements described herein and you agree that in any such case Plesk may, in addition to any other remedies it may have at law or in equity, remotely disable the Software. You may terminate this License at any time by ceasing use of the Software and Documentation.  Upon any termination or expiration of the License for any reason, you agree to stop using the Software immediately. Any further use of the Software will express your renewed or continued, unconditional acceptance of this License and all terms and conditions associated with it.

4.	Indemnification  

You will, at your own expense, indemnify and hold Plesk, and all officers, directors, and employees thereof, harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, grants, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (collectively, “Claims”), arising out of any use of the Software (as defined below) by you, any party related to you, or any party acting upon your authorization in a manner that is not expressly authorized by this License.

5.	Limited Warranty; Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability.  

5.1.	Limited Warranty.  Plesk warrants that it has the right to license the Software to you. 

5.2.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  EXCEPT FOR THE SOLE LIMITED WARRANTY EXPRESSLY GRANTED TO YOU IN SECTION 5.1, THE PACKAGE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE LICENSED “AS IS,” AND PLESK DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT AUTHORIZED BY LAW.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, PLESK EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND FOR THE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, AND DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE, THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH FUTURE PLESK PRODUCTS, OR THAT ANY INFORMATION OR DATA STORED OR TRANSMITTED THROUGH THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT BE LOST, CORRUPTED OR DESTROYED. YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. YOU SHALL BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE.

5.3.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT SHALL PLESK BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY PARTY RELATED TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER SUCH PECUNIARY LOSS), WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF PLESK HAS OR HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL PLESK’S TOTAL AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING HEREUNDER EXCEED AN EQUIVALENT OF US$ 1,000.00.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  

5.4.	CERTAIN LIMITATIONS.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN TYPES OF WARRANTIES, DAMAGES, OR LIABILITIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, BUT IN SUCH A CASE THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 5 SHALL BE APPLIED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT ENFORCEABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

6.	General Terms

6.1.	Governing Law and Choice of Forum. This License shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Switzerland, without regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof. Any claim or dispute arising in connection with this License shall be resolved in the applicable courts situated in Zürich / Switzerland. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waive any objections to the jurisdiction or venue of such courts.  This License shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.

6.2.	Severability. If any term or provision of this License is declared void or unenforceable in a particular situation, by any judicial or administrative authority, this declaration shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation.  To the extent possible the provision will be interpreted and enforced to the greatest extent legally permissible in order to effectuate the original intent, and if no such interpretation or enforcement is legally permissible, shall be deemed severed from the License.

6.3.	Survival. Articles 2, 4, 5 and 6 of this License and all Sections thereof, shall survive the termination or expiration of this License, regardless of the cause for termination or expiration, and shall remain valid and binding indefinitely.

6.4.	Export Controls.  You may not use, export, re-export, import, sell or transfer the Software except as authorized by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Software and any other applicable laws and regulations.  You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.  You also acknowledge that the Software may be subject to other U.S. and foreign laws and regulations governing the export of software by physical and electronic means.  You agree to comply with all applicable U.S. and foreign laws that apply to Plesk as well as end-user, end-use, and destination restrictions imposed by U.S. and/or foreign governments.  You also agree that you will not use the Software for any purposes prohibited by U.S. law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.

6.5.	Trademark Notice. The Plesk logo and Plesk, are registered trademarks or trademarks of Plesk International GmbH, in the United States and/or other countries.  All other trademarks referenced in the Software or Documentation are the property of their respective owners.

6.6.	Contact Information.  You may contact Plesk for more information about the Software, other Plesk products and services at Plesk International GmbH, Vordergasse 59, Schaffhausen, Switzerland, or by visiting our website: www.Plesk.com.